hey guys I'm slave I just wanted to send
a very quick and a special shout-out to
pepper Joe of pepper joes calm for
recruiting me and allowing me to help
him with this project also one special
very special shout-out to pity of penny
tomatoes that is pepper joes gorgeous
fiance she is the one that done all the
editing in this video and I will have
links to both of them spurs down in the
description of this video so once again
thank you and i hope you first enjoyed
the video hello I'm Slade and I review
Chili Peppers for pepper toes calm today
I will be reviewing the top 4 documented
hottest peppers in the world by the
Guinness Book of World Records first is
the book jolokia aka the ghost pepper it
was tested at the chili pepper Institute
of New Mexico at ASCO build heat unit
rating of one point 19 million Scoville
heat units and entered into the guinness
book of world records in 2008 as the
hottest pepper in the world this is the
ghost pepper I'm going to eat this while
I'm showing you a view of the inside
it's got a very good taste it's an
immediate heat then the ghost pepper is
famous for its heat building and
building a building and it is hot
already
so there you have the ghost pepper okay
now i'm reviewing the Trinidad scorpion
butch team created by butch Taylor it
was tested at the University of Warwick
in the United Kingdom at a Scoville heat
unit rating of 1 million 29,000 Scoville
heat units which is a little bit more
than the boot to look you and was
introduced into the Guinness Book of
World Records as the hottest pepper in
the world in 2011 and here we have the
butch t and once again here is a view of
the inside of it and we're going to eat
that has a little bit of a earthy smoky
flavor once again is the heat and it is
very hot and that is the butch T ok my
mouth is burning but let's keep this
thing rolling it's time for the Trinidad
scorpion Muruga this is the second
hottest pepper in the world the the bush
team was hot but this thing is we'll
take the heat to a new level ok the
Muruga was tested at the New Mexico
State University in February of 2012 at
1 million 207,000 Scoville heat units it
was recognized as the hottest pepper in
the world but never entered never made
it into the Guinness Book of World
Records ok here we go with the pepper
here's a view of the inside and it has
somewhat of a slight you know floral
smell so let's get rid of taste a little
bit of a heat a lot of heat but a little
bit of a floral under time and yes this
thing's hot and that my friends is the
Trinidad scorpion Muruga alright ladies
and gentlemen I'm on fire but it's time
for the grand finale and it's time to
take this burn to the extreme in august
of 2012 ed Currie introduced the
Carolina Reaper AKA hp22 be to the world
it was tested at the Winthrop University
in South Carolina and was rated in it at
Wapping 1 million four hundred and
seventy four thousand scoville heat
units and on top of that this has got to
be one of the best tasting super hot
peppers that I and a lot of other
reviewers have ever had um here is a
look in the center of it I know you
can't get that great of a look at it but
it's got an extremely red placenta and
has just a very unique smell so here we
go
that's somewhat of a chocolate to
cinnamon undertow very unique to the
Carolina Reaper and yes it's hot the
heat really concentrates on the back of
the throat and around the mouth I've
eaten a lot of super hot peppers and
this one by far is the hottest and most
and tastiest pepper I have ever had
there are other reviewers out there
that's been doing this a lot longer than
I have and I'm going to say 99% of them
would agree so there you have it the
soon-to-be newest or the Sunnah be
world's hottest it has been submitted to
the Guinness Book of World Records and
it is pending but I have no doubts that
it will be introduced as the world's
hottest pepper and this is the Carolina
Reaper now I'm going to have some milk
and some ice cream because I have eaten
the four documented hottest peppers in
the world in one setting thank you madam
I bargain